Let's talk about the following header,
we have to Strict-Transport-Security
with max-age and includeSubdomains.
The header enforces HTTPS for
one year on the domain and its subdomains.
When max-age expires,
browsers will default to HTTP.
The max-age is refreshed every time
the browser routes the header or
insecure requests to
subdomains are allowed.
So the right answer is A,
the header enforces HTTPS for
one year on the domain and subdomains,
and the max-age is refreshed every
time the browser reads the header.
So what we're working with
here is something called HSTS.
So essentially like if we're making an
insecure request or like a request to HTTP
website.com, the server will respond with,
I mean, based on how the server setup.
THe 301 moved permanently because
it's like no there's no HTTP,
you should be using HTTPS.
And after requesting it with HTTPS for
the first time,
the server can respond with
that Strict-Transport-Security.
And this essentially enables a security
feature in your browser that will
prevent your users from making an insecure
request ever again to your server.
So this animation wasn't super clear, but
essentially the 307 internal redirect is
not a redirect coming from the server,
it's a redirect coming from your browser.
So your browser is telling you, hey, I got
a Strict-Transport -Security header for
this domain a while back
still within the max-age.
So you shouldn't be using HTTP,
you should be using HTTPS.
So in this case, your browser redirects
you automatically to HTTPS from HTTP.
And this can prevent stuff like we
just saw with the men in the middle
attack if you're transferring
sensitive data to a browser or
to a client, you wanna protect them
from using HTTP instead of HTTPS.
So the first one is true,
cuz this header enforces HTTPS s for
one year on the domain and its subdomains,
cuz we say include subdomains.
Pretty straightforward it also
includes the subdomains there.
When max-age expires browsers will default
to HTTP, this isn't necessarily true.
I mean, what does happen is
if it has expired and ,okay,
this makes a bit more sense if
we explain see first, actually,
cuz the max-age is refreshed every time
the browser reads the header is also true.
So if you're on a page and you're using
it every day, this max-age of one year,
it will just get refreshed every day.
So you're basically infinitely
making sure that the user will use
HTTPS because it refreshes it every
time the browser reads the header.
So when message expires
browsers will default to HTTP.
This is true but that's essentially
the same scenario that we saw on the first
one, where the server then just has to
respond again with that 301 attempt or
permanent redirect, and
then it'll use HTTPS again, and
then the Strict-Transport-Security
header will be sent back.
Insecure requests to
subdomains are allowed.
That's not true cuz we added
the include subdomains there.
So yeah, just a good header to know
if you ever see HSTS or that term,
just know that it refers to this.
It is the enforcement of HTTPS
by your browser by the use of
a response header from your server.
Yeah another niche security thing that,
yeah,
it's just good to know about, I guess.